[fix]add group to see the valuation view, without debugging (#945)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_valuation_no_developer_mode/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> * Group to see the valuation view, without debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change the "Valuation" button visibility in stock pickings to 'Billing' accounting group in order to see it without debug mode.
```
